Thanks please Hey Oh okay Pheebs yeah um
you know how the other day you were
talking about how you didn't get to go
to London and you were kind of feeling
left out yeah all right well we all felt
really bad about that so we decided that
we should all take a little trip
together oh how great where where's the
trip well we thought we would all go to
a picnic yeah in Central Park Central
Park yeah all of us all day but sucks
that's not a trip I just came from the
park what are we gonna high-five about
at the stupid Central Park no it's right
by my house all right
well I'm gonna go home and basking the
triumph of my Central Park idea hey hold
on a sec there mr. kissy you know I've
been meaning to talk to you about this
whole little new European thing you've
got going on and I just need to tell you
it makes me very uncomfortable and I
just you know just stop it I just trying
to bring a little culture to the group
that's fine just don't bring it in my
mouth it makes me want to puke